# Public Roadmap

MetaHoof is committed to delivering an **innovative, competitive, and player-driven digital horse racing experience**.
Our roadmap provides **transparency** on completed milestones, current development progress, and future expansions.

---

## Completed Milestones

### 2024: Foundation Phase

✅ **Smart Contract Development** – Core blockchain infrastructure and smart contracts deployed to **Ultra’s testnet**.

✅ **dApp Main Mechanics** – Development of key gameplay components, including the **breeding system, race registration,
and stable management**.

✅ **3D Horse Modeling** – High-fidelity **horse models, animations, and visual enhancements** designed for an immersive
racing experience.

✅ **AI-Powered Race Engine** – Advanced **AI simulation** that dynamically **calculates race outcomes** based on **horse
stats, traits, track conditions, and strategy variables**.

✅ **Horse Metadata Specification** – Definition of **on-chain attributes** for **horses, bloodlines, genetics, and
breeding mechanics** within the Ultra ecosystem.

---

## Current Development (Ongoing Milestones)

### Q1 2025

✅ **Business Registration** – **ANP Labs officially registered MetaHoof as a business entity**, ensuring regulatory
compliance.

🔄 **Updated Whitepaper** – A revised version of the **whitepaper**, incorporating game mechanics, economy, and
tokenization updates.

🔄 **Closed Testnet Trials** – MetaHoof opens for **select Closed Tests on Testnet**, beginning in **late February 2025**, divided into multiple phases.

### Q2 2025

🔄 **Increase Audience & Community Growth** – Focused efforts to **expand the MetaHoof audience** through **marketing,
partnerships, and early-access initiatives**.

🔄 **Publish MetaHoof Uniq Factories on Mainnet** – Deployment of **core Uniq Factories**, enabling **full NFT minting
capabilities** for in-game assets.

🔄 **Launch Genesis Horses** – Release of **Genesis Horses**, marking the **first-ever breedable generation in MetaHoof**.

🔄 **Open Beta Testnet (Community Trials)** – Open Beta test phase allowing **wider player base access** to **stress-test
races, economy, and breeding mechanics** before Mainnet launch.

---

## Upcoming Milestones

### Q3 2025

🚀 **Launch of Season 1** – The official start of **MetaHoof’s first full competitive season**, featuring a **structured seasonal format, progressive leaderboards, and exclusive in-game events**.

🎟️ **Full Season Pass & Rewards** – Introduction of a **comprehensive Season Pass system**, allowing players to unlock **exclusive rewards, unique NFTs, and special in-game bonuses** by participating in races and completing seasonal challenges.

🏡 **Stable Addons & Lands Expansion** – Enhanced **stable customization options**, including **badges, banners, and land ownership features**, giving players more ways to personalize their stables and establish their legacy.

🏆 **Seasonal Tournaments & Leaderboard Championships** – Launch of **high-stakes tournament formats, sponsored races, and competitive seasonal leaderboards**. Players can **compete for top rankings, earn premium rewards, and secure their place in MetaHoof history**.


### Q4 2025

🎲 **Integrate Ultra RNG** – Implement **Ultra’s Random Number Generator (RNG)** to enhance **race fairness and
unpredictability**, ensuring **provably fair results** for all races.

💰 **MetaHoof Staking Program** – Launch of **staking mechanics**, allowing players to **stake assets for ecosystem
rewards**.

📱 **MetaHoof Cloud Wallets** – Introduction of **Ultra-powered cloud wallets**, ensuring **secure
and user-friendly asset management**.

📱 **Mobile App Development** – Begin work on a **MetaHoof mobile app**, bringing the game experience to **iOS and
Android**.


---

## Future Milestones (TBD)

🔗 **Ultra Ecosystem Expansion** – Explore **cross-platform NFT utility** and potential **Ultra-powered collaborations**
with other blockchain games.

🎯 **Player-Created Race Events** – Introduce **customized player-hosted races**, allowing for **private tournaments,
unique race rules, and exclusive entry conditions**.

📢 **Expanded Sponsorship & Brand Collaborations** – Secure **strategic sponsorships** for **exclusive race events, NFT
collaborations, and marketing growth**.

🏇 **Race Clubs & Team Competitions** – Introduce **player-managed racing syndicates**, allowing teams to **enter
exclusive club tournaments, share resources, and create unique branding**.

---

## Looking Ahead

MetaHoof is built with a **long-term vision**, constantly evolving with **player feedback and ecosystem growth**. Future
updates may include:

- **Expanded Race Formats & Competitive Events** – More strategic depth, additional race types, and seasonal challenges.
- **Enhanced Breeding Mechanics** – New **genetics systems, rarity features, and specialized breeding strategies**.
- **Marketplace & Economic Growth** – Strengthening the **trading ecosystem**, staking utility, and governance
  mechanics.
- **Ultra Ecosystem Expansion** – Collaborating with **Ultra partners** to integrate **new features, sponsorships, and
  NFT utility**.

---

## Stay Updated

The **roadmap will be updated regularly** as development progresses. Join our **community channels** for **exclusive
previews, early access opportunities, and announcements**.

> **Follow us for real-time updates and next-phase reveals!**